What is your identity?
What kind of face am I?
Mr. Zhou, maybe this call is a coincidence
I grew up with Sunan
How can he know any big business?
Yeah.
This time, how does he recognize it?
But next time
Never spare him
Didn't Nan Nan tell you that there is a blind date today?
Mr. Liu just called to say that you haven't arrived yet
Where are you now?
Mom, can you stop introducing me to blind dates?
Like I said, I don't want to get married
Not to mention that Mr. Liu
They are already over 40
It's the Mediterranean.
What's your attitude?
What's wrong with 40?
Age hurts
The Mediterranean shows that he is smart
He's also the head of a financial company
You can't find a good man like this with a lantern
Is it as long as I get married?
You are satisfied
Did you know that you are 28?
At your age
Other people's children will run away, and you don't even have a decent partner
Did you know that Mom will be laughed at by relatives and friends when she goes out?
I'll tell you what.
Or you can go and meet Mr. Liu
Or you can bring me back a satisfied son-in-law
Otherwise don't come back to see me
Revival, do you have a girlfriend?
I don't have a girlfriend.
Sister last night
Just don't have it.
Collaborate to get married